Cluster permissions (#1856)
kyma-project/test-infra: prow/workload-cluster/README.md

The `secretspopulator` function looks for the `{prefix}.encrypted` object in the bucket and creates a Kubernetes Secret with a `{prefix}`.
For service accounts, the Secret key is `service-account.json`. For generic Secrets, you must provide a key.
For details on the file syntax, see the `RequiredSecretsData` type in [`secretspopulator`](../../development/tools/cmd/secretspopulator/main.go).

> ## Configure cluster to use Google Groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configure a cluster to use Google Groups
```

> ## Configure a cluster to use Google Groups

Reviewer 2: Cluster directory contains code related to prow instance and prow clusters, whereas this configuration is rather about permissions on test clusters.
As this is not description of any script or config file in our repo, the better place might be docs/prow?
My understanding is that, readme files outside docs/prow should describe content of directory and how to use it. Concepts and how to's for the whole repo should be placed in docs/prow

Author: I decided to create separate document fully dedicated to test clusters.

> Previously, you could only grant roles to Google Cloud user accounts or Cloud IAM service accounts. Google Groups for GKE (Beta) allows you to grant roles to the members of a G Suite Google Group. With this mechanism, the users and groups themselves are maintained by your G Suite administrators, completely outside of Kubernetes or Cloud Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, you could only grant roles to Google Cloud user accounts or Cloud IAM service accounts. Google Groups for GKE (Beta) now allows you to grant roles to the members of a G Suite Google Group. With this mechanism, the users and groups themselves are maintained by your G Suite administrators, completely outside of Kubernetes or Cloud Console.
```

> Previously, you could only grant roles to Google Cloud user accounts or Cloud IAM service accounts. Google Groups for GKE (Beta) allows you to grant roles to the members of a G Suite Google Group. With this mechanism, the users and groups themselves are maintained by your G Suite administrators, completely outside of Kubernetes or Cloud Console.

Author: I looks like there is an issue with access to Google Groups, I already created ticket to Multicloud about that.

Google Groups give you the possibility to gather Kyma Developers accounts and manage GCP Project permissions based on the group name. Additionally, you can grant Kubernetes Roles, ClusterRoles, RoleBindings, and ClusterRoleBindings to the specific Google Group on your cluster.

> For example, all members of the `kyma_developers@sap.group` group receive the **cluster-admin** ClusterRole on the Kyma release cluster. The process used to look as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, all members of the `kyma_developers@sap.com` group receive the **cluster-admin** ClusterRole on the Kyma release cluster. The process used to look as follows:
```

> 1. System administrators created `kyma_developers@sap.group` and added it as a member of `gke-security-groups@sap.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. System administrators created `kyma_developers@sap.com` and added it as a member of `gke-security-groups@sap.com`.
```

>   ![dashboards](/docs/prow/assets/GGroups.png)

Reviewer 2: This png file is in line with text above. It should be in new line.

2. They built the release cluster with the [**--security-group="gke-security-groups@sap.com**](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra/blob/7b84900e56679fccfbc9e6839a85ade1dabe72bd/prow/scripts/cluster-integration/helpers/provision-gke-cluster.sh#L60) parameter. 

> 3. They created ClusterRoleBindings for the `kyma_developers@sap.com` custom group:

Reviewer 2: Why you use third person "They" here? Might be confusing for less experienced people.

> 3. They created ClusterRoleBindings for the `kyma_developers@sap.com` custom group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. They created ClusterRoleBindings for the `kyma_developers@sap.com` custom group:
```

> - The last step was to create ClusterRoleBindings for the custom group, in this case it was kyma_developers@sap.com.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Administrators created ClusterRoleBindings for the custom group. In this case, it was `kyma_developers@sap.com`.
```

  ```
  kubectl create clusterrolebinding kyma-developers-group-binding --clusterrole="cluster-admin" --group="kyma_developers@sap.com"
  ```

> If you want to leverage this solution, ask the [Neighbors](https://github.com/orgs/kyma-project/teams/prow/members?utf8=%E2%9C%93&query=role%3Amaintainer) team to create a new G Suite Google Group in the `sap.com` domain. The next step is to add this group as a member of `gke-security-groups@{yourdomain.com}`.

Reviewer 2: Can we state here that "ask the Neighbors team" should be done via issue in test-infra github?

> If you would like to leverage this solution just ask [Neighbors](https://github.com/orgs/kyma-project/teams/prow/members?utf8=%E2%9C%93&query=role%3Amaintainer) team to create new G Suite Google Group in sap.com domain. In the next step it is necessary to add this group to the membership of gke-security-groups@[yourdomain.com].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to leverage this solution, ask the [Neighbors](https://github.com/orgs/kyma-project/teams/prow/members?utf8=%E2%9C%93&query=role%3Amaintainer) team to create a new G Suite Google Group in the `sap.com` domain. The next step is to add this group as a member of `gke-security-groups@{yourdomain.com}`.
```
